**JOJ** brings Skyrim to life with a host of **Follower** **Mods** and
**Frameworks** **Mods.** From custom followers with quests and voiced
dialogue to expansions like *Follower* *Dialogue* *Expansion* and
*Amorous* *Adventures* *for* *OStim*, your journey is richer and more
personal.

**JOJ** also includes Frameworks such as [**<u>*Nether’s Follower
Framework*,</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/55653)
<u>[***Skyrim
Dress-Up***](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/142755),</u>
*that* *give* full control over how certain companions ( that are
compatible ) behave and appear. Along with adding to storytelling with
**<u>[*Interesting
NPCs*](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/29194),</u>**
as Skyrim becomes a land filled with voices, choices, and meaning.

Together, these additions breathe life into the world offering you new
allies, deeper 😉 interactions, and a more vibrant path through the
world.

**<u>\*Note Nether’s Follower Framework are not Compatible</u>** with
some of these Followers since they have custom follower frameworks built
in, **<u>NNF Compatible Followers</u>** are mentioned in the
**<u>Title.</u>**

[**<u>Remiel – Custom Voiced
Follower</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/51874)

Remiel is a Breton engineer from Wayrest with over 5,000 lines of custom
dialogue. She’s traveled to Skyrim to explore Dwemer ruins, but needs
your help. While not much of a fighter, she’s skilled with machines and
can reprogram a Dwemer spider to fight for you both.

**Location:** Markarth, Silverblood Inn

[**<u>Auri – Song of the
Green</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/11278)

Auri is a traditionalist Bosmer archer with over 1,000 voiced lines. She
follows the Green Pact and speaks often of Bosmeri customs, offering
sharp wit and insight as she travels with you.

**Location:** Falkreath Hold Look for Auri’s Pod on the map.

[**<u>Serana Dialogue
Add-On</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/32161)
**-** **\*NFF** **Compatible**

This expansion transforms Serana into a deeply interactive companion
with over 8,000 new lines voiced by Kerstyn Unger. Discover new story
arcs, traits, and intelligent responses throughout your adventures.

**Location:** Found during the *Dawnguard* DLC.

[**<u>Improved Follower Dialogue –
Lydia</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/38473)
**-** **\*NFF** **Compatible**

Lydia now has over 1,400 unique lines voiced by LMG Wilson. This mod
brings new life to Whiterun’s housecarl, giving her a voice and depth
beyond her original 50 lines.

**Location:** Dragonsreach, Whiterun

[**<u>Coldsun’s Vayne – The Dunmer
Spy</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/111833)
**-** **\*NFF** **Compatible**

Vayne is a striking Dunmer spy, voiced by Alexia Renaldis (Lily from
*Subverse*). This follower contains adult dialogue and a mysterious
backstory.

**Location:** Mistveil Keep, Riften

[**<u>Coldsun’s Coralyn – The Bosmer
Shaman</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/112014)
**-** **\*NFF** **Compatible**

Coralyn is a Wood Elf shaman from Valenwood, voiced with over 550 custom
lines by the talented Pixie Willow. She fled her homeland to escape the
rigid traditions of her people, Coralyn has been practicing forest magic
since childhood. Her speed and connection to the wilds make her a
formidable and graceful companion.

**Location:** Wandering near the crossroads and bridges by Honningbrew
Meadery, Whiterun Hold

[**<u>Coldsun’s Visions – Astara Cosma, Imperial
Librarian</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/93354)
**-** **\*NFF** **Compatible**

Astara Cosma, voiced by KiaraRedVA, is an exceptional Imperial mage and
librarian stationed in the Arcanaeum. She serves directly under Urag
gro-Shub and is known for her scholarly precision and powerful magic
rumored to rival that of the College's own masters.

**Location:** Arcanaeum, College of Winterhold

[**<u>Heart of Ice –
Astrid</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/132350)

Astrid, daughter of Eivor, is a hardened warrior from the frozen isle of
Roscrea. With 2,350 fully voiced lines and a unique marriage quest, she
hides a deeper story beneath her cold exterior. Voiced by Chole Elmore.

**Location:** Bluewater cave near Rorikstead

[**<u>Caesia – Borne of
Magic</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/13389)

Caesia is a witty and mysterious mage with over 730 voiced lines. She
offers commentary and banter, growing more open as your bond
strengthens.

**Location:** Moonside Inn, Morthal

[**<u>Lyssia – The Whispering
Mage</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/92898)

A scholar from the College of Whispers in Cyrodiil, Lyssia wields
powerful magic and a quick tongue. She adds thoughtful commentary to
your journey and has a fondness for mead.

**Location:** Ruined house near the Western Watchtower Whiterun

[**<u>Hot Ildari – Ash Witch
Follower</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/19274)

This reimagining of Ildari Sarothril (from the *Dragonborn* DLC) allows
her to become a follower after her story ends, with new dialogue and
interactions.

**Location:** Complete the Tel Mithryn questline in Solstheim

[**<u>Katana – Journey in the
Shadows</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/69622)

A large-scale follower and quest mod featuring 8,000+ lines of dialogue
across three companions:

> ● **Katana**, a stealthy rogue
>
> ● **Megara**, a kind healer
>
> ● **Shale**, a fierce spellsword
>
> Join their story and unlock dynamic combat and rich quest content.

**Location:** Winking Skeever, Solitude (Katana is upstairs)

[**<u>Xelzaz – Telvanni Argonian
Follower</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/62893)

Xelzaz is a fully voiced Argonian lawman of House Telvanni, with ~8,350
lines. He offers potions, warm meals, and Telvanni insight, seeking a
travel companion through Skyrim.

**Location:** Near the Southern Morrowind Gate (east of Dayspring
Canyon, northeast of Stendarr’s Beacon)

[**<u>Lucien – The Scholar
Companion</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/20035)

Lucien is an Imperial scholar with over 5,000 voiced lines. Starting as
timid and bookish, he grows in courage and skill through your adventures
together.

**Location:** Dead Man’s Drink, Falkreath

[**<u>Hoth – Bounty Hunter of the
North</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/16137)

A rugged veteran with a love for trophies, Hoth is covered in the
remains of his greatest kills. He brings brutal strength and dark humor
to your journey.

**Location:** Moonside Inn, Morthal

[**<u>Inigo – The Loyal
Khajiit</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/1461)

Inigo is a fully voiced Khajiit with over 7,000 unique lines. He’s
stealthy, skilled, and deeply reactive to your choices. He whispers
while sneaking, comments on your actions, and even runs out of arrows.

**Location:** Riften Jail

[**<u>Jesper the
Guard</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/132362)

From *Skyrim* *Guard* *Tales*, Jesper is a custom-voiced follower with
bard-like charm and occasional songs. Loyal, brave, and a bit cheeky.

**Location:** The Bannered Mare, Whiterun

[**<u>Taliesin – Thalmor in
Shadow</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/93413)

Once a Thalmor soldier, Taliesin’s heart turned when he was ordered to
slaughter Talos worshippers. Now a rogue agent, he hides in riddles and
regret. Trust won’t come easy—but his knowledge may be invaluable.

**Location:** Talos shrine south of Lake Ilinalta

[**<u>Gore – Soldier of
Sorrow</u>**](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/85298)

A child soldier grown into a battle-scarred man, Gore is loud, bold, and
unafraid to speak his truth. Beneath his bravado lies a heavy past—and a
strong heart.

**Location:** Peak’s Shade Tower, near Falkreath
